README.md, before:

## Ezclib

An experimental library for ezcapechat.

## Requirements
- [requests](https://github.com/requests/requests)
- [requests_toolbelt](https://github.com/requests/toolbelt)
- [pyamf](https://github.com/hydralabs/pyamf)

## Author
* [nortxort](https://github.com/nortxort)


## License

The MIT License (MIT)

Copyright (c) 2017 Nortxort

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software
and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction,
including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute,
sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software
is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice
shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, 
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, 
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. 
IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, 
DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, 
ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

## Acknowledgments
*Thanks to the following people who in some way or another, has helped with this project*

* [GoelBiju](https://github.com/GoelBiju)

Commit message:

Started migration into bot from library.

README.md, after:

## EZCBOT

A bot created out of boredom, based off of an experimental library for ezcapechat ezclib by [nortxort](https://github.com/nortxort).

## Requirements
- [requests](https://github.com/requests/requests)
- [requests_toolbelt](https://github.com/requests/toolbelt)
- [pyamf](https://github.com/hydralabs/pyamf)

## Author
* [damiankw](https://github.com/damiankw)
% based from [nortxort](https://github.com/nortxort) original


## License

The MIT License (MIT)

Copyright (c) 2017 Nortxort

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software
and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction,
including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute,
sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software
is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice
shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, 
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, 
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. 
IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, 
DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, 
ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

## Acknowledgments
*Thanks to the following people who in some way or another, has helped with this project*

* [GoelBiju](https://github.com/GoelBiju)
